主要工作职责Main missions:
在执行FES的框架内，物流操作主管有如下责任：
Within the framework of FES implementation, the physical flow supervisor's responsibilities are:
1. 组织Organization
1）现场物流自治小组组长 直属主管
Line manager of warehouse gap leaders

2. 质量、成本、发货、人员绩效QCDP Performance
1）管理区域内的工作负荷，优化可分配资源
Manage the workload of its area and optimize the allocated resources.
在符合FES 的要求下定义和建立仓库的组织结构
Define and set up the physical organization of warehouses of the site in conformity with the FES rules
2）组织协调上下游的运输以最低的成本获得最好服务水平
Organize and control the downstream, upstream transport in order to assure the best service level at lowest cost.
3）是供应链和生产之间的桥梁Be the interface between Supply Chain and production.
4）保证线上的移动和流程时间与数量的规律性
Ensure the time and quantity regularity of procurement and removing from the production lines
5）控制和优化所有实物及信息的流程（包括中间仓库）
Control and optimize all physical and information flows and trans-warehouses of the site.
6）保证存货的追溯性，准确性和可靠性，并遵循FIFO原则
Ensure the actual inventory reliability of the site and the respect of the FIFO, traceability rule
7）领导盘点及库存差异分析
Lead stock counting and gap analysis
8）参与存货目标的达成，减少废料
Participate to the respect of inventory objectives and to the reduction of obsolete items.
9）提高内部供应流效率
Improve internal supply chain flow efficiency.
10）与客户联系，明确客户的所有物流需求
Contact with Client for their entire logistic requirements
11）定义符合工艺需求的产品包装
Define product package within the requirement of process
12）定义产品运输方式
Define transportation ways for product delivery
13）与所有供应商签物流协议 （材料供应商）
Build up logistic agreements with all suppliers.
14）安排运输
Arrangement work for transportation
15）为新项目的组织提供改进计划和建议
Transfer improvement ideas found for the new projects to the current organization
16）领导内部存货的审核
Lead internal inventory audits.
17）通过拓展策略和章程参与供应链的管理活动
Participate to the activities of the Supply Chain Network by deploying the strategy and the Charter
3. 人员管理People Management
1）确保日常管理Assure daily management
2）长期在现场工作：每天与班组长联系，紧抓仓库，供料和发货的管理
Permanent presence on the Shop floor: daily contact with gap leaders, close management of the warehouse, line feeding and delivery
3）人员管理：制定人员的排班计划
Manage headcount: plan the day before people allocation for the next day, plan also on a weekly basis
4）指导和培训班组长和团队成员如何工作以达到目标
Coach GAP Leaders and team members in how to perform their role
5）支持和帮助解决问题
Support and help to fix problems
6）保证纪律和严谨（5S，供料问题造成的停线，工作时间）
Ensure discipline and rigor (5S, line stop due to material shortage, working hours…)
7）重视和执行安全程序，政策以及指示
Ensure the respect of safety instructions, policies and procedures
4. 发展团队Development of the team
1）参与新员工的挑选和招聘Participate to selection and recruitment of staff
2）保证新员工对公司的正确态度Ensure proper induction of new operators on the line
3）制定培训计划加强团队的自主性，确保团队得到培训和指导
Build training plan to increase team autonomy; ensure training and coaching of team member
4）为团队成员作年度的评估Manage annual performance interviews for all team members
5）为下属制定发展计划（适时地在部门经理和人事部经理的确认和支持下）如培训，工作变动
Plan development of the people (validation and support from logistic manager and Human
Resources Manager when appropriate): training, job evolution
7）认下属的多岗位和多技能Validation of polyvalence and polycompetence
8）保证信息在团队内的有效传递：5分钟会，常规的信息会议，紧急问题和重要公告的及时传达Ensure proper flow of information to and from the team: top 5 with team members, regular information meetings, rapid cascade of critical information and of messages from management